Taylor Swift is so successful that Taylor Swift has won 11 American Music Awards, 7 Grammy Awards, and 6 Country Music Association Awards.
Taylor is the first country singer to win an MTV Video Music Award. Taylor video "You Belong with Me" won the Best Female Video award in 2009.
Taylor Swift was born on December 13 1989 in Reading, Pennsylvania.
One of Taylor best friend's name is Abigail
13 is Taylor's favorite number.
Taylor was born with the name "Taylor Alison Swift".
Taylor Swift was named after James Taylor.
Taylor parents are Scott and Andrea Swift.
Taylor is the youngest songwriter to be hired by Sony/ATV Music publishing house.
Taylor Swift spent Taylor childhood on an 11 acre Christmas tree farm.
Taylor Swift's height is 5' 10" or 1.77 m.
Taylor Swift's weight is 54 kg or 119 pounds.
Taylor hair color is blond, Taylor eyes are blue in color and Taylor measurements are 34-25-35 inches or 75-62-77 cm.
Taylor's bra size is 34 B.
Taylor's shoe size is 8.5 (US)
Taylor Swift attended school at West Reading Elementary Center and Wyomissing Area Junior/Senior High School.
Taylor favorite food is cheesecake.
The six things that are always in Taylor refridgerator are eggs, thinly sliced ham and chicken, orange juice, diet coke, Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese and binge food like cookie dough or a tube of cinnamon rolls.
During show days Taylor Swift kicks off with a breakfast of eggs, sausage, biscuits and "anything else I can get my hands on".
At the age of 11, Taylor Swift won a local talent competition by singing a rendition of LeAnn Rimes's "Big Deal".
Taylor Swift has won a national poetry contest with Taylor poem titled "Monster in My Closet".
The first song that Taylor Swift ever wrote was "Lucky You"
Taylor first hobby was English horse riding and Taylor Swift competed in horse shows.
Taylor favorite holiday is Christmas.
Taylor favorite book is The Hunger Games and To Kill a Mockingbird
Taylor Swift lend Taylor voice in the animated film The Lorax a 2012 film playing the role of Audrey.
If Taylor Swift likes a boy, Taylor Swift won't tell him face to face. Instead Taylor Swift will write a song about him.
Taylor Swift has only put one guy's name in the songs Taylor Swift's written about boys. The lucky guy is Lars.
Taylor Swift has appeared in the film Valentine's Day (2010) and also in one episode of CSI in 2000.
Taylor Swift had a cameo in Hannah Montana: The Movie (2009)
Taylor's hair has been progressing from long hair to shorter and shorter hair styles over the years.
Taylor Swift loves mystery books. Taylor favorites are "Murder on the Orient Express" and "And Then TTaylore Were None" by Agatha Christie.
Taylor love quotes.
Taylor favorite quote at the moment is "just as things grow in fast movies, I had the familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer." The quote is from the Great Gatsby.
Taylor Swift loves the subject of history and knows American history like the back of Taylor hand.
Taylor can be very moody at times.
Taylor is the youngest artist in history to win a Grammy Award for Album of the year in 2010. Taylor Swift was only 20 years old at that time.
Taylor Swift contributed two songs to the movie The Hunger Games (2012). The songs are "Safe & Sound" and "Eyes Open".
Taylor brotTaylor Austin Swift is a freelance photograpTaylor. He help photograph Taylor Fearless Tour.
Taylor album "Fearless" is the most awarded album in the history of country music. The album is certified six times platinum.
Taylor is the top selling digital artist in history.
Taylor became the youngest sole writer and singer of a no.1 country song through Taylor single "Our Song".
Taylor lead single "Love Story" released in 2008 became the 2nd best selling country single of all time.
Taylor Swift wrote all the songs in Taylor third studio album "Speak Now'.
Taylor Swift wrote 9 of the 16 songs in Taylor fourth studio album "Red". The otTaylor 7 songs in the album Taylor Swift co-wrote it with Max Martin, Ed Taylor Swifteran, Gary Lightbody, Dan Wilson and Liz Rose.
Taylor single "We Are Never Ever Getting Back TogetTaylor" released in August 2012 became Swift's first no.1 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.
The person Taylor Swift wrote about in Taylor song "Tim McGraw" is named Johnny. 
Taylor Swift was in a relationship with Joe Jonas from June 2008 to October 2008.
53 Taylor Swift is fascinated with The Great Gatsby.
Taylor is best friends with Selena Gomez and Emma Stone. Taylor Swift is good friends with Kellie Pickler, Hayley Williams and Emma Watson.
Taylor loves "The Great Gatsby" as it fascinates Taylor, with all the mystery and symnolism behind this story.
Taylor cousin Kristen is the subject of he song "Never Too Far Away".
Taylor admits that Taylor Swift is an extremely clumsy person and jokes that Taylor parents always make fun of Taylor because Taylor Swift spills everything.
Taylor likes to watch Brain Games aired on National Geographic. Taylor Swift also love Pretty Little Liars and Twisted and also Whodunnit.
Taylor is an extrovert and a spontaneous person.
Taylor is an extremely caring person.
Taylor Swift believes that one can be a shy extrovert.
Taylor song "This is Us" is about Taylor best friend.
Taylor connect songs, scents, and movies to specific times and places.
Taylor Swift loves YouTube videos.
Taylor is friends with PewDiePie and Taylor Swift texts him on the phone.
Taylor favorite YouTubers are catrific, missglamorazzi, macbarbie07, meghanrosette, Kingsley, Jack and Finn, Smosh, and TheFineBros.
Taylor Swift loves to watch movies. While watching movies, Taylor Swift likes to observe everything in the movie from the acting to the soundtrack.
Taylor doesn't have a favorite movie but Taylor Swift LOVES every single Disney movie.
Taylor is one of those singers who love to write Taylor own songs. To date Taylor Swift has written more than 40 songs and the number is growing every year.
The songs that Taylor Swift write is a reflection of Taylor life, Taylor daydreams and nothing else.
Taylor songs are extremely catchy and captures the heart of teenagers and young adults. Being able to connect to the high and lows of this generation. (no wonder Taylor Swift's so popular)
Which one do you think Taylor love more? Silver Jewelry or Gold? Answer : Silver Jewelry.
Cleaning Taylor room while listening to "Taylor" is one of Taylor favorite things in life.
Taylor Swift is always fascinated with Psychology and personality types and how Taylor brain works.
Taylor Swift considers Taylorself an optimist. But Taylor optimism also depends on the situation.
However, Taylor Swift is not a realist. Taylor Swift pretty much likes to be a dreamer.
Taylor Swift is obsessed with iPhone cases especially the vintage, handmade ones that can be found on Etsy.
Taylor Swift act in plays and have found lots of friends in the plays.
Taylor's favorite place is the ocean. Taylor Swift loves Long Beach Island and plans to buy a house tTaylore when Taylor Swift old.
Taylor Swift is afraid of beetles.
Taylor admits that Taylor Swift has trouble accepting changes.
Taylor is an introvert and rarely tell otTaylors what is in Taylor mind.
Taylor Swift spends a lot of time thinking of Taylorself and life and theories and metaphors.
Taylor Swift likes to DIY. Taylor buys things for Taylorself and like to finish it Taylorself.
Summer to Taylor is like the 1940s style. Taylor Swift imagines Taylorself spending time with friends and family in a lake house.
Taylor Swift hates medical school. 
Taylor ultimate dream is to be a singer and songwriter. Our Taylor is definitely living Taylor dream right now.
If Taylor Swift is not a singer Taylor Swift would probably be an interior designer, detective, neurologist or psychologist.
Taylor Swift loves to travel long distance in a car enjoying long rides of more than 4 hours plus.
Taylor Swift has an attachment to places that have a profound effect in Taylor life. School would be one of them.
Taylor Swift is more like Taylor dad. Both of them like to make decisions rationally based on the mind and not the heart.
Taylor and Taylor dad love English and they read the same books. Both fatTaylor and daughter are like best friends.
Taylor favorite series is The Divergent Trilogy by Veronica Roth.
Taylor Swift likes to put on sunscreen.
Taylor is obsessed with everything regarding Disney.
Taylor mums side family reunion has more than 50 people.
One of Taylor dreams is to be on the Ellen show.
Kanye West once rob Taylor's mic during the VMA award show.
"The Martian" is a movie that moved Taylor.
The first song Taylor Swift learned to play on the guitar is "Kiss Me" by Sixpence None The RicTaylor.
Taylor favorite scented candle is Byredo Treehouse. You can check out what it looks like Taylore.
In June 21 2015, Taylor Swift wrote an open letter to Apple withholding Taylor album from Apple music.Taylor Swift single handedly brought down the billion dollar company by making it change its decision with regards to royalty payments to artist during the 3 month trial period of Apple Music. Apple responded within 24 hours agreeing to pay the royalties within the trial period. No otTaylor singer in history had such an immediate effect on the tech giant, Apple.
Taylor won the Album of The Year at the 2016 Grammy Awards for Taylor album 1989. This is Taylor second Album of The Year. The first being Fearless in 2010. Taylor Swift is the first woman in history to win album of the year twice!
Taylor is one of the most followed celebrities on Twitter with 77 Million followers and growing!
Taylor is also one of the most followed celebrities on Instagram with 77.1 Million followers (almost the same like Twitter) and growing!
Taylor Swift has 2 music videos that has more than 1 Billion views on YouTube. They are Blank Space (currently about 1.59 Billion) and Shake It Off (currently about 1.5 Billion). Facts as of May 14 2016.

